- [Nana] I couldn't stand
telling the little white
lies anymore.
The bed is too small
or I forgot my wallet.
When I was unbearably lonely,
it wasn't Ren who I
wanted to have by my side.
(upbeat rock music)
- Wow.
That girl's incredible.
So where'd you find her?
Oh, she's Ren's girl, isn't she?
- Yeah, Nobuo knew
her from school
and introduced her to Ren.
- She's so cool.
She's hot and she's got an
amazing voice.
I really think you guys
have got a chance.
Now I see why you
decided to move down here
and quit that law stuff.
She's your secret weapon.
- Well, I'm not so confident
we're gonna make it that big,
but I think Nana has a really
good shot once she goes solo.
- So that's what
you're trying to do.
(doorbell rings)
I wonder who it could
be this late at night.
Reira? A new scandal uncovered?
- Maybe it's a neighbor
complaining about the noise.
- Huh?
Isn't this place soundproof?
Then how do you play your drums?
- Hello. I apologize if
we're making too much noise.
- [Nana] Yasu...
- Who is it?
(Nana sobbing)
- What happened?
- Yasu, I'm gonna go now.
- Yeah, sorry about this.
- Oh, no biggie.
And thanks for the drinks.
(doorbell rings)
- [Narrator] Big scoop!
Ren's girl showed up
at Yasu's flat crying!
What's going on?
Kyaaa!
Papa-rakkyo!
- Takumi got Hachiko pregnant
and it's gotta be him
because Hachi told me
he didn't use condoms
when they were doing it.
- What the hell!
That loser didn't even
think to use a condom.
- She ratted me out.
It's open.
Nana, are you asleep?
Nana...
It's me.
Don't scare me like that, damn
it!
I told you, I'm a sensitive man.
- And where's Nobuo?
- Do you love him that much?
You did break up with him,
didn't you?
Please just make up an excuse.
Do it for my sake.
Even if it's a lie,
I don't care.
I'll believe anything.
(doorbell rings)
- Who is it?
It's so late.
- I can only think of
two people crazy enough
to show up in the middle
of the night like this.
- Yeah, I wonder which one.
- Yes, where is it?
- Jun.
- I was in so much pain.
I could hardly breathe.
And before I knew it,
I was at his place.
I told him everything,
like I was vomiting it all out.
I have no idea whether I made
any sense.
Why did I want Hachi so badly
and why did I hate
Takumi so much?
I didn't really
understand myself.
Nobuo said that there's
something wrong with me.
Is it true?
Am I screwed up?
I just feel lost.
What's a good friend supposed
to do at a time like this?
I wanna be there for her.
I really wanna be a
good friend to Hachi.
Yasu listened to everything
that I had to say.
Knowing him,
he probably said something
to comfort me here and there.
But honestly, I don't remember.
It's weird.
What I do remember is the sweet
smell
of his Blast
cigarettes.
The smoke enveloped me
and I could feel myself
calming down.
- Kyosuke, don't smoke now.
- Oh yeah, sorry.
- I'm sorry, Kyosuke.
- No, it's fine.
Sometimes guys are just
pathetic.
We get all fidgety at
times like this.
- What reason do you have to
be fidgeting?
- I know, I don't get it either.
I just feel kind of bad
about it.
On the other hand,
there's this Takumi guy.
From what you've told us,
he seems like the
decisive responsible type.
I'm kind of impressed.
- Really?
I'd say he's more like a
coercive selfish control freak.
- You think?
- I mean, come on.
He used Nana's phone to call
Nobuo and drop this bomb.
Of course Nobuo's first reaction
was to totally freak out.
I'm sure he did it to
scare Nobuo off
and force him out of
the picture.
And Takumi locked the door,
so Nana couldn't do
anything about it.
If he really cared about Nana,
he wouldn't do that kind
of crap.
He's the type of
guy who manipulates others
without giving it a second
thought just to get his own way.
- Even so, if he really
calculated all that on the spur
of the moment, then you've
gotta admit he's one smart dude.
To be honest, I kind
of admire him.
- Well, I'm pretty sure
Takumi hadn't thought
about all of that.
I think he was just jealous
'cause I said Nobuo
was my boyfriend.
- Oh, they're fighting over you.
- No, it's just that
Takumi has a lot of pride.
- You call that pride?
Sounds pretty immature to me.
Like a kid who's gotten
his toy taken away.
- Yeah, maybe
- Maybe.
- Anyway. He's gotta be
pretty serious about this
to say he'll take
care of the kid
no matter who the father is.
- He went to school
with Yasu, right?
That means he's
like 23 or 24.
Will he be able to support you?
What does he do for a living?
- He's a musician.
- What the hell! Does
the guy make any money?
Why are you being so quiet?
- Well, if he was the one who
offered to support the kid,
then he's gotta have
some sort of income.
- I don't like the way
you keep saying
he's gonna support the kid,
like he'll just be
handing her money.
- I think that's what
he plans to do.
- Huh?
- What the hell?
Why won't he marry you?
Is he married?
Is this another affair?
- No, but getting married
would be a real
inconvenience for him.
I don't wanna force
him into anything.
- I just don't get you.
You're really okay with that?
- It's enough for me.
- So you want this baby
that much?
- Well, at first I hoped
it was just my imagination.
I was avoiding the truth
by not thinking about it,
but there were signs
that I couldn't ignore.
So I started to worry.
But when the pregnancy
test turned out positive,
I really freaked 'cause
it was like I had nowhere
to run anymore and I was
scared to go to the clinic,
but I thought I should
get an abortion soon
if I was pregnant.
I thought I could just
go on like before
as if nothing had happened
if I had an abortion
and didn't tell anyone.
(Nana sobbing)
But at the clinic,
I saw the sonogram.
I saw the little baby
that's inside me
and suddenly it all felt
so real to me.
I didn't want to just get an
abortion
and go on like nothing happened.
All my fears and
worries left me.
And I knew I just needed
to pull myself together.
I don't know how to explain it.
I just felt attached to the baby
and started thinking
of how I could do this.
Could I become a single mother
and raise this baby on my own?
But the truth is
I don't have money
and I can't go to work
because my morning
sickness is so bad.
I was at a total loss.
There was no way I was
gonna make it through this.
So when Takumi came over and
said all that, I was shocked,
but also a little happy.
Maybe I shouldn't be so
dependent on him, but,
- No, it's fine for you to be
that way.
It's probably his
baby anyway, right?
- You said Nobuo used
protection every time, right?
So chances are, it's not his.
- I just feel so evil.
It's true.
Nobuo always used condoms.
He treated me like I
was so precious.
And now I'm tramping
all over that
and running to Takumi
to have the baby.
Is there any way to
forgive such selfishness?
(Nana sobbing)
- Well, Nobuo might not
be able to forgive you.
From how it all went down,
he probably thinks you were
dating both him and Takumi
at the same time.
- Yeah, I think that's
the one thing
that ought to be cleared up.
- How could she do that?
She can't prove any of it.
And even if she did explain,
why would he believe her?
- Look, all I'm saying
is that if I were in
Nobuo's position,
chances are, I'd probably want
Nana to explain things to me
just to show that she cares.
You never know, that
might even encourage him
to do something about all of
this.
- For his own
sake,
it might be better not to
have such encouragement
because you can't raise
a kid on love alone.
He'll probably have to give up
all his dreams as a musician,
then quit the band and take
over his family's hotel,
all for Nana's sake.
- I'll do whatever it
takes to make you happy.
- That'd be one thing if the
baby was his, but he's only 20.
That would be pretty cruel
to have his whole life
determined by this.
That's why in the end
you didn't choose Nobuo.
Right, Nana?
And you can't tell him that.
- Nana, you're completely in
love with Nobuo, aren't you?
- It's more than just
being in love with him.
She's also deeply
in love with Blast.
The success of the guru's band
is a dream of hers as well.
(Nana sobbing)
- Life doesn't always
go as planned, does it?
Maybe there really is
a Demon Lord.
- Quit talking crazy.
It's Nana's fault
for not insisting that
Takumi use condoms.
And she slept with Nobuo
right after that.
This is what you get for
sleeping around and being
careless.
Do you understand what I'm
telling you?
(Nana sobbing)
- I don't think you should
be lecturing her right now.
- This might be the only time
Nana will actually listen to me.
Do you understand
what it's gonna be like to
raise a child on your own?
Getting financial support
from a man who won't
even marry you.
All right, then.
You're going to have to be
connected
to that man for the
rest of your life.
And you'll have to
break up with Nobuo.
Are you prepared to do that?
I want to hear your answer!
- Yes.
- And if the baby is
actually Nobuo's,
are you prepared to still
love it
and raise it as though
it were Takumi's?
Even though Takumi will
support you and the baby,
that doesn't guarantee he's
gonna love either of you.
- I know.
- All right, then.
If you wanna have
the baby that bad,
I won't say anything else.
But don't you ever
forget it was your decision.
- Okay.
- Now that you've made that
commitment,
I don't wanna ever
see you crying over this.
The world doesn't need
another kid raised
by a messed up depressed mother.
Try to be like your own mom.
(Nana sobbing)
- Okay, bye.
Thanks Jun.
Thanks Kyosuke, for everything.
It really helped to
talk to you about this.
I'll be in touch.
- Just take good care of
yourself.
Okay?
- Stay strong.
- I can't believe she's
having a baby.
This doesn't just affect
the rest of her life.
It affects the kid's life too.
I'm so worried I could puke.
- But it seems Nana's made
up her mind about this.
So I think we should ease
off of it now.
What we can do now is
be supportive of her.
- Yeah, you're right.
It's just that Nana's
dream was always
to be a normal housewife.
If she'd had the abortion, she
could have stayed with Nobuo.
And it might have all
worked out for her.
Instead, she's sacrificing
that to have this baby.
So she must be really determined
- As her dad, I would've loved
to have seen Nana in a
wedding dress.
- Dad, you say?
- Why do you think Takumi
won't marry her anyway?
- 'Cause it'd be harder
to take care
of Nana than it would be
to support a kid.
- Good point.
- Oh no.
My keys.
- Nana!
- Damn, I fell asleep.
Welcome home.
So, where'd you go without
even locking the door?
I was worried.
Did you work things
out with Nobuo?
- Yeah, sorry.
I thought you'd gone
home already.
- No, no.
I went to the store.
You want some grapefruit juice?
Oh man.
Should have put it
in the fridge.
- Yasu, mind if I smoke one?
- Go ahead.
- Quitting smoking is
harder than I thought.
I just can't do this
whole stoic thing anymore.
So many things have been
stressing me out lately.
- Well, there you go.
You can't be perfect.
So don't attempt the impossible.
- Shouldn't you be telling me
not to smoke
because it's bad for my health?
- I can't tell someone to do
something I can't do myself.
So how is it?
- Tastes like crap.
(Yasu laughs)
Well, I'm gonna bounce.
The first train should be
running soon.
- Huh?
- Sorry for busting in
on you and Naoki earlier.
Are you guys an item now?
- Nah.
- I think you might have
gotten the wrong idea.
But tell him I said hi.
- Is everything okay, Nana?
- Huh? What do you mean?
I'm just fine.
I'm not that messed up, dude.
I'm serious.
I'll be fine.
I still don't quite
understand what being
a real friend is all about.
But no matter what Hachi
decides to do,
I won't get in the way and
I'll gently watch over her,
exactly like you do with me.
- It's not as easy as it
looks, you know.
(gentle pensive music)
- I'm sorry, Yasu,
but thank you.
Don't worry.
Everything will be fine
because Hachi and I have
that female bond.
But maybe that's what
makes things difficult.
- So I have to start recording
today.
- Oh, sorry.
- No, it's cool.
We start in the afternoon.
But I'll be held up in
the studio for a week.
But before I go, could you let
me know what you've decided?
- Huh?
- Or else there's no way
I'll be able to
concentrate on my work.
Sorry for being so pushy.
- I think I wanna have this baby
and raise it as your child
if that's alright with you.
- Want to get married?
- Huh?
- You don't wanna raise it
as an illegitimate child.
And if the public finds
out, it'll just look bad
no matter how we try to spin it.
But I have no problem
getting married.
If I marry an ordinary girl,
the media might not go as crazy.
You don't wanna?
- No matter what kind of
life you choose to live,
as long as you're happy,
it'll be fine with me.
I might never truly believe
that with all of my heart.
But still, I at least wanted
to appear strong and elegant
in your eyes,
just like a manga heroin
who's too perfect to be real.